
************************************************
Report:               average power
Design:               evlpMultiplier
Library File(s):      /home/cad/TSMC/13/synopsys/slow.db
Simulation period[1]: 0 ns - 127701 ns
Sampling interval:    1 ns
Reporting threshold:  0 Watt
Date:                 Mon Jul 23 16:14:28 2007
************************************************

operating_condition_max_name: slow Library: slow

Wire Loading Model Mode: segmented

Cell               Design       Wire_model  Library       Selection_type
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   evlpMultiplier TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
hot_B_bit_ff       evMS_FlipFlop TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
src_sel_mux        evMUX2_1_169 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder              evlpRCAdder_wdt32 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
adder/adder_0      evLPFA_31    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_0/inv  evCINV_31    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_0/mx1  evMUX2_1_135 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_0/mx2  evMUX2_1_134 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_0/mx3  evMUX2_1_133 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_0/mx4  evMUX2_1_132 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_1      evLPFA_30    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_1/inv  evCINV_30    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_1/mx1  evMUX2_1_131 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_1/mx2  evMUX2_1_130 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_1/mx3  evMUX2_1_129 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_1/mx4  evMUX2_1_128 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_2      evLPFA_29    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_2/inv  evCINV_29    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_2/mx1  evMUX2_1_127 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_2/mx2  evMUX2_1_126 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_2/mx3  evMUX2_1_125 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_2/mx4  evMUX2_1_124 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_3      evLPFA_28    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_3/inv  evCINV_28    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_3/mx1  evMUX2_1_123 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_3/mx2  evMUX2_1_122 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_3/mx3  evMUX2_1_121 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_3/mx4  evMUX2_1_120 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_4      evLPFA_27    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_4/inv  evCINV_27    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_4/mx1  evMUX2_1_119 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_4/mx2  evMUX2_1_118 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_4/mx3  evMUX2_1_117 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_4/mx4  evMUX2_1_116 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_5      evLPFA_26    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_5/inv  evCINV_26    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_5/mx1  evMUX2_1_115 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_5/mx2  evMUX2_1_114 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_5/mx3  evMUX2_1_113 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_5/mx4  evMUX2_1_112 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_6      evLPFA_25    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_6/inv  evCINV_25    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_6/mx1  evMUX2_1_111 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_6/mx2  evMUX2_1_110 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_6/mx3  evMUX2_1_109 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_6/mx4  evMUX2_1_108 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_7      evLPFA_24    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_7/inv  evCINV_24    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_7/mx1  evMUX2_1_107 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_7/mx2  evMUX2_1_106 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_7/mx3  evMUX2_1_105 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_7/mx4  evMUX2_1_104 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_8      evLPFA_23    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_8/inv  evCINV_23    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_8/mx1  evMUX2_1_103 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_8/mx2  evMUX2_1_102 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_8/mx3  evMUX2_1_101 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_8/mx4  evMUX2_1_100 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_9      evLPFA_22    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_9/inv  evCINV_22    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_9/mx1  evMUX2_1_99  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_9/mx2  evMUX2_1_98  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_9/mx3  evMUX2_1_97  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_9/mx4  evMUX2_1_96  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_10     evLPFA_21    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_10/inv evCINV_21    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_10/mx1 evMUX2_1_95  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_10/mx2 evMUX2_1_94  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_10/mx3 evMUX2_1_93  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_10/mx4 evMUX2_1_92  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_11     evLPFA_20    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_11/inv evCINV_20    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_11/mx1 evMUX2_1_91  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_11/mx2 evMUX2_1_90  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_11/mx3 evMUX2_1_89  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_11/mx4 evMUX2_1_88  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_12     evLPFA_19    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_12/inv evCINV_19    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_12/mx1 evMUX2_1_87  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_12/mx2 evMUX2_1_86  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_12/mx3 evMUX2_1_85  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_12/mx4 evMUX2_1_84  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_13     evLPFA_18    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_13/inv evCINV_18    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_13/mx1 evMUX2_1_83  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_13/mx2 evMUX2_1_82  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_13/mx3 evMUX2_1_81  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_13/mx4 evMUX2_1_80  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_14     evLPFA_17    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_14/inv evCINV_17    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_14/mx1 evMUX2_1_79  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_14/mx2 evMUX2_1_78  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_14/mx3 evMUX2_1_77  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_14/mx4 evMUX2_1_76  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_15     evLPFA_16    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_15/inv evCINV_16    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_15/mx1 evMUX2_1_75  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_15/mx2 evMUX2_1_74  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_15/mx3 evMUX2_1_73  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_15/mx4 evMUX2_1_72  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_16     evLPFA_15    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_16/inv evCINV_15    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_16/mx1 evMUX2_1_71  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_16/mx2 evMUX2_1_70  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_16/mx3 evMUX2_1_69  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_16/mx4 evMUX2_1_68  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_17     evLPFA_14    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_17/inv evCINV_14    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_17/mx1 evMUX2_1_67  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_17/mx2 evMUX2_1_66  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_17/mx3 evMUX2_1_65  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_17/mx4 evMUX2_1_64  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_18     evLPFA_13    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_18/inv evCINV_13    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_18/mx1 evMUX2_1_63  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_18/mx2 evMUX2_1_62  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_18/mx3 evMUX2_1_61  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_18/mx4 evMUX2_1_60  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_19     evLPFA_12    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_19/inv evCINV_12    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_19/mx1 evMUX2_1_59  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_19/mx2 evMUX2_1_58  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_19/mx3 evMUX2_1_57  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_19/mx4 evMUX2_1_56  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_20     evLPFA_11    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_20/inv evCINV_11    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_20/mx1 evMUX2_1_55  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_20/mx2 evMUX2_1_54  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_20/mx3 evMUX2_1_53  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_20/mx4 evMUX2_1_52  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_21     evLPFA_10    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_21/inv evCINV_10    TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_21/mx1 evMUX2_1_51  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_21/mx2 evMUX2_1_50  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_21/mx3 evMUX2_1_49  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_21/mx4 evMUX2_1_48  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_22     evLPFA_9     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_22/inv evCINV_9     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_22/mx1 evMUX2_1_47  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_22/mx2 evMUX2_1_46  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_22/mx3 evMUX2_1_45  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_22/mx4 evMUX2_1_44  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_23     evLPFA_8     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_23/inv evCINV_8     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_23/mx1 evMUX2_1_43  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_23/mx2 evMUX2_1_42  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_23/mx3 evMUX2_1_41  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_23/mx4 evMUX2_1_40  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_24     evLPFA_7     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_24/inv evCINV_7     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_24/mx1 evMUX2_1_39  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_24/mx2 evMUX2_1_38  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_24/mx3 evMUX2_1_37  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_24/mx4 evMUX2_1_36  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_25     evLPFA_6     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_25/inv evCINV_6     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_25/mx1 evMUX2_1_35  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_25/mx2 evMUX2_1_34  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_25/mx3 evMUX2_1_33  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_25/mx4 evMUX2_1_32  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_26     evLPFA_5     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_26/inv evCINV_5     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_26/mx1 evMUX2_1_31  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_26/mx2 evMUX2_1_30  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_26/mx3 evMUX2_1_29  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_26/mx4 evMUX2_1_28  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_27     evLPFA_4     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_27/inv evCINV_4     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_27/mx1 evMUX2_1_27  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_27/mx2 evMUX2_1_26  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_27/mx3 evMUX2_1_25  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_27/mx4 evMUX2_1_24  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_28     evLPFA_3     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_28/inv evCINV_3     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_28/mx1 evMUX2_1_23  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_28/mx2 evMUX2_1_22  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_28/mx3 evMUX2_1_21  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_28/mx4 evMUX2_1_20  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_29     evLPFA_2     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_29/inv evCINV_2     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_29/mx1 evMUX2_1_19  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_29/mx2 evMUX2_1_18  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_29/mx3 evMUX2_1_17  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_29/mx4 evMUX2_1_16  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_30     evLPFA_1     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_30/inv evCINV_1     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_30/mx1 evMUX2_1_15  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_30/mx2 evMUX2_1_14  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_30/mx3 evMUX2_1_13  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_30/mx4 evMUX2_1_12  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_31     evLPFA_0     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_31/inv evCINV_0     TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_31/mx1 evMUX2_1_11  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_31/mx2 evMUX2_1_10  TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_31/mx3 evMUX2_1_9   TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
adder/adder_31/mx4 evMUX2_1_8   TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux    evNonEncodedMux_wdt32 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_0 evNMOS_31 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_1 evNMOS_30 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_2 evNMOS_29 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_3 evNMOS_28 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_4 evNMOS_27 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_5 evNMOS_26 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_6 evNMOS_25 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_7 evNMOS_24 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_8 evNMOS_23 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_9 evNMOS_22 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_10 evNMOS_21 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_11 evNMOS_20 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_12 evNMOS_19 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_13 evNMOS_18 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_14 evNMOS_17 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_15 evNMOS_16 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_16 evNMOS_15 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_17 evNMOS_14 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_18 evNMOS_13 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_19 evNMOS_12 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_20 evNMOS_11 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_21 evNMOS_10 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_22 evNMOS_9 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_23 evNMOS_8 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_24 evNMOS_7 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_25 evNMOS_6 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_26 evNMOS_5 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_27 evNMOS_4 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_28 evNMOS_3 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_29 evNMOS_2 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_30 evNMOS_1 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_31 evNMOS_0 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
bypass_reg         evlpRegister_wdt32_1 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_0    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_94 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_1    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_93 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_2    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_92 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_3    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_91 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_4    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_90 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_5    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_89 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_6    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_88 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_7    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_87 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_8    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_86 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_9    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_85 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_10   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_84 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_11   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_83 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_12   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_82 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_13   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_81 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_14   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_80 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_15   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_79 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_16   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_78 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_17   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_77 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_18   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_76 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_19   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_75 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_20   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_74 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_21   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_73 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_22   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_72 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_23   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_71 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_24   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_70 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_25   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_69 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_26   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_68 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_27   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_67 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_28   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_66 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_29   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_65 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_30   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_64 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
bypass_reg/ff_31   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_63 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg         evlpRegister_wdt32_0 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_0    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_62 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_1    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_61 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_2    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_60 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_3    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_59 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_4    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_58 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_5    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_57 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_6    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_56 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_7    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_55 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_8    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_54 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_9    evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_53 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_10   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_52 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_11   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_51 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_12   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_50 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_13   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_49 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_14   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_48 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_15   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_47 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_16   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_46 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_17   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_45 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_18   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_44 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_19   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_43 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_20   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_42 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_21   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_41 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_22   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_40 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_23   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_39 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_24   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_38 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_25   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_37 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_26   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_36 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_27   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_35 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_28   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_34 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_29   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_33 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_30   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_32 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
feeder_reg/ff_31   evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_31 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
mux                evlpMux2_1_wdt33 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
mux/mux_0          evMUX2_1_168 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_1          evMUX2_1_167 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_2          evMUX2_1_166 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_3          evMUX2_1_165 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_4          evMUX2_1_164 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_5          evMUX2_1_163 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_6          evMUX2_1_162 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_7          evMUX2_1_161 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_8          evMUX2_1_160 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_9          evMUX2_1_159 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_10         evMUX2_1_158 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_11         evMUX2_1_157 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_12         evMUX2_1_156 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_13         evMUX2_1_155 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_14         evMUX2_1_154 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_15         evMUX2_1_153 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_16         evMUX2_1_152 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_17         evMUX2_1_151 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_18         evMUX2_1_150 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_19         evMUX2_1_149 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_20         evMUX2_1_148 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_21         evMUX2_1_147 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_22         evMUX2_1_146 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_23         evMUX2_1_145 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_24         evMUX2_1_144 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_25         evMUX2_1_143 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_26         evMUX2_1_142 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_27         evMUX2_1_141 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_28         evMUX2_1_140 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_29         evMUX2_1_139 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_30         evMUX2_1_138 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_31         evMUX2_1_137 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
mux/mux_32         evMUX2_1_136 TSMC13_Conservative slow  library default
counter            evRingCounter_GtdClk_wdt32_block_size4 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/first_gator evClockGator_RngCntrP TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/first_gator/line_selector evMUX2_1_7 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/first_gator/prlatch evPrst_Latch_cell TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_1    evClockGator_RngCntrR_6 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_1/line_selector evMUX2_1_6 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_1/rlatch evRst_Latch_cell_6 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_2    evClockGator_RngCntrR_5 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_2/line_selector evMUX2_1_5 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_2/rlatch evRst_Latch_cell_5 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_3    evClockGator_RngCntrR_4 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_3/line_selector evMUX2_1_4 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_3/rlatch evRst_Latch_cell_4 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_4    evClockGator_RngCntrR_3 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_4/line_selector evMUX2_1_3 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_4/rlatch evRst_Latch_cell_3 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_5    evClockGator_RngCntrR_2 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_5/line_selector evMUX2_1_2 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_5/rlatch evRst_Latch_cell_2 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_6    evClockGator_RngCntrR_1 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_6/line_selector evMUX2_1_1 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/gator_6/rlatch evRst_Latch_cell_1 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/last_gator_7 evClockGator_RngCntrR_0 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/last_gator_7/line_selector evMUX2_1_0 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/last_gator_7/rlatch evRst_Latch_cell_0 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/first_ff   evMS_Prstbl_FlipFlop TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_1       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_30 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_2       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_29 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_3       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_28 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_4       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_27 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_5       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_26 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_6       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_25 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_7       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_24 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_8       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_23 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_9       evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_22 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_10      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_21 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_11      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_20 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_12      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_19 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_13      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_18 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_14      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_17 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_15      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_16 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_16      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_15 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_17      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_14 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_18      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_13 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_19      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_12 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_20      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_11 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_21      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_10 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_22      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_9 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_23      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_8 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_24      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_7 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_25      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_6 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_26      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_5 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_27      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_4 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_28      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_3 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_29      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_2 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_30      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_1 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
counter/ff_31      evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_0 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch      evInpDemuxLatch_wdt32 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_0 evLatch_cell_31 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_1 evLatch_cell_30 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_2 evLatch_cell_29 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_3 evLatch_cell_28 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_4 evLatch_cell_27 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_5 evLatch_cell_26 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_6 evLatch_cell_25 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_7 evLatch_cell_24 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_8 evLatch_cell_23 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_9 evLatch_cell_22 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_10 evLatch_cell_21 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_11 evLatch_cell_20 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_12 evLatch_cell_19 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_13 evLatch_cell_18 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_14 evLatch_cell_17 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_15 evLatch_cell_16 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_16 evLatch_cell_15 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_17 evLatch_cell_14 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_18 evLatch_cell_13 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_19 evLatch_cell_12 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_20 evLatch_cell_11 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_21 evLatch_cell_10 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_22 evLatch_cell_9 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_23 evLatch_cell_8 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_24 evLatch_cell_7 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_25 evLatch_cell_6 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_26 evLatch_cell_5 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_27 evLatch_cell_4 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_28 evLatch_cell_3 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_29 evLatch_cell_2 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_30 evLatch_cell_1 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default
low_res_latch/latch_31 evLatch_cell_0 TSMC13_Conservative slow library default

Library Power-specific unit information :
	Time Unit : 1 ns
	Capacitance Unit : 1 pF
	Voltage Unit : 1 V
	Dynamic Power Unit : 0.001 W
	Leakage Power Unit : 1e-12 W


Definitions:
    Total Power     = Dynamic + Leakage
    Dynamic Power   = Switching + Internal
    Switching Power = load capacitance charge or discharge power
    Internal Power  = power dissipated within a cell
    X-tran Power    = component of dynamic power-dissipated into x-transitions
    Glitch Power    = component of dynamic power-dissipated into detectable
                      glitches at the nets
    Leakage Power   = reverse-biased junction leakage + subthreshold leakage


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Level         Instance_Name (Cell_Name)   #_of_States
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total      Dynamic    Leakage    Switching  Internal   X-tran     Glitch
 Power      Power      Power      Power      Power      Power      Power
 in Watt    in Watt    in Watt    in Watt    in Watt    in Watt    in Watt
            (% of Tot) (% of Tot) (% of Dyn) (% of Dyn) (% of Dyn) (% of Dyn)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Peak            Peak
            Power       Time Interval
            in Watt         in ns
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------- Instances -------------------------------------
*--------- 0  pp_root (.) 528132
 3.115e-05  3.115e-05  3.392e-10  1.248e-05  1.868e-05  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 40.05%)  ( 59.95%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.089e-03  111043-111044 

-*-------- 1  evlpMultiplier (evlpMultiplier) 528132
 3.115e-05  3.115e-05  3.392e-10  1.248e-05  1.868e-05  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 40.05%)  ( 59.95%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.089e-03  111043-111044 

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg (evlpRegister_wdt32_1) 260020
 1.530e-05  1.530e-05  3.200e-11  1.249e-06  1.405e-05  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  8.16%)  ( 91.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            4.739e-04  111045-111046 

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_0 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_94) 9440
 6.075e-07  6.075e-07  1.000e-12  8.969e-08  5.178e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 14.76%)  ( 85.24%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.497e-05     242-243    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_1 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_93) 9434
 5.876e-07  5.876e-07  1.000e-12  7.006e-08  5.176e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.92%)  ( 88.08%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05     202-203    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_2 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_92) 9387
 5.848e-07  5.848e-07  1.000e-12  6.976e-08  5.151e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.93%)  ( 88.07%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05     125-126    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_3 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_91) 9311
 5.781e-07  5.781e-07  1.000e-12  6.807e-08  5.101e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.77%)  ( 88.23%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    2685-2686   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_4 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_90) 9219
 5.701e-07  5.701e-07  1.000e-12  6.577e-08  5.044e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.54%)  ( 88.46%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_5 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_89) 9111
 5.610e-07  5.610e-07  1.000e-12  6.308e-08  4.979e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.24%)  ( 88.76%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4082-4083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_6 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_88) 9015
 5.529e-07  5.529e-07  1.000e-12  6.068e-08  4.922e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 10.98%)  ( 89.02%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_7 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_87) 8911
 5.441e-07  5.441e-07  1.000e-12  5.809e-08  4.860e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 10.68%)  ( 89.32%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4082-4083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_8 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_86) 8823
 5.366e-07  5.366e-07  1.000e-12  5.589e-08  4.807e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 10.42%)  ( 89.58%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_9 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_85) 8735
 5.292e-07  5.292e-07  1.000e-12  5.370e-08  4.755e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 10.15%)  ( 89.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4162-4163   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_10 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_84) 8643
 5.214e-07  5.214e-07  1.000e-12  5.140e-08  4.700e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  9.86%)  ( 90.14%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4122-4123   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_11 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_83) 8523
 5.112e-07  5.112e-07  1.000e-12  4.841e-08  4.628e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  9.47%)  ( 90.53%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4082-4083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_12 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_82) 8439
 5.041e-07  5.041e-07  1.000e-12  4.631e-08  4.578e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  9.19%)  ( 90.81%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_13 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_81) 8343
 4.960e-07  4.960e-07  1.000e-12  4.391e-08  4.521e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  8.85%)  ( 91.15%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_14 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_80) 8271
 4.899e-07  4.899e-07  1.000e-12  4.212e-08  4.478e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  8.60%)  ( 91.40%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4162-4163   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_15 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_79) 8187
 4.828e-07  4.828e-07  1.000e-12  4.002e-08  4.428e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  8.29%)  ( 91.71%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4122-4123   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_16 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_78) 8083
 4.740e-07  4.740e-07  1.000e-12  3.743e-08  4.366e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  7.90%)  ( 92.10%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4082-4083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_17 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_77) 7991
 4.662e-07  4.662e-07  1.000e-12  3.513e-08  4.311e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  7.54%)  ( 92.46%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_18 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_76) 7891
 4.578e-07  4.578e-07  1.000e-12  3.264e-08  4.251e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  7.13%)  ( 92.87%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4082-4083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_19 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_75) 7799
 4.500e-07  4.500e-07  1.000e-12  3.034e-08  4.196e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  6.74%)  ( 93.26%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_20 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_74) 7723
 4.436e-07  4.436e-07  1.000e-12  2.844e-08  4.151e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  6.41%)  ( 93.59%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_21 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_73) 7631
 4.358e-07  4.358e-07  1.000e-12  2.615e-08  4.096e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  6.00%)  ( 94.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_22 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_72) 7555
 4.293e-07  4.293e-07  1.000e-12  2.425e-08  4.051e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  5.65%)  ( 94.35%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4162-4163   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_23 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_71) 7475
 4.226e-07  4.226e-07  1.000e-12  2.226e-08  4.003e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  5.27%)  ( 94.73%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4122-4123   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_24 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_70) 7371
 4.138e-07  4.138e-07  1.000e-12  1.966e-08  3.941e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  4.75%)  ( 95.25%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4082-4083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_25 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_69) 7287
 4.067e-07  4.067e-07  1.000e-12  1.757e-08  3.891e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  4.32%)  ( 95.68%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_26 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_68) 7151
 3.952e-07  3.952e-07  1.000e-12  1.417e-08  3.810e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  3.59%)  ( 96.41%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4082-4083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_27 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_67) 7067
 3.881e-07  3.881e-07  1.000e-12  1.208e-08  3.760e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  3.11%)  ( 96.89%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_28 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_66) 6963
 3.793e-07  3.793e-07  1.000e-12  9.482e-09  3.698e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  2.50%)  ( 97.50%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_29 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_65) 6879
 3.721e-07  3.721e-07  1.000e-12  7.386e-09  3.648e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  1.98%)  ( 98.02%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_30 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_64) 6779
 3.637e-07  3.637e-07  1.000e-12  4.890e-09  3.588e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  1.34%)  ( 98.66%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.138e-05    4005-4006   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/bypass_reg/ff_31 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_63) 6583
 3.471e-07  3.471e-07  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  3.471e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.313e-06      21-22     

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/mux (evlpMux2_1_wdt33) 58886
 4.515e-06  4.515e-06  3.300e-11  3.537e-06  9.775e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 78.35%)  ( 21.65%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            8.162e-04  111043-111044 

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_0 (evMUX2_1_168) 3095
 1.497e-06  1.497e-06  1.000e-12  1.351e-06  1.458e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 90.25%)  (  9.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.584e-04   10483-10484  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_1 (evMUX2_1_167) 3100
 1.763e-07  1.763e-07  1.000e-12  1.285e-07  4.778e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.90%)  ( 27.10%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    1443-1444   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_2 (evMUX2_1_166) 3099
 1.759e-07  1.759e-07  1.000e-12  1.280e-07  4.789e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.78%)  ( 27.22%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05     163-164    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_3 (evMUX2_1_165) 3015
 1.705e-07  1.705e-07  1.000e-12  1.243e-07  4.622e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.89%)  ( 27.11%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    2723-2724   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_4 (evMUX2_1_164) 2931
 1.655e-07  1.655e-07  1.000e-12  1.206e-07  4.495e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.84%)  ( 27.16%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    7883-7884   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_5 (evMUX2_1_163) 2831
 1.599e-07  1.599e-07  1.000e-12  1.165e-07  4.339e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.86%)  ( 27.14%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05   18203-18204  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_6 (evMUX2_1_162) 2728
 1.535e-07  1.535e-07  1.000e-12  1.117e-07  4.179e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.78%)  ( 27.22%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_7 (evMUX2_1_161) 2626
 1.478e-07  1.478e-07  1.000e-12  1.075e-07  4.026e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.75%)  ( 27.25%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05   11763-11764  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_8 (evMUX2_1_160) 2523
 1.416e-07  1.416e-07  1.000e-12  1.029e-07  3.868e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.68%)  ( 27.32%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_9 (evMUX2_1_159) 2443
 1.361e-07  1.361e-07  1.000e-12  9.901e-08  3.706e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.76%)  ( 27.24%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05   11763-11764  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_10 (evMUX2_1_158) 2352
 1.311e-07  1.311e-07  1.000e-12  9.512e-08  3.594e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.58%)  ( 27.42%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    7883-7884   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_11 (evMUX2_1_157) 2251
 1.251e-07  1.251e-07  1.000e-12  9.106e-08  3.409e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.76%)  ( 27.24%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    9203-9204   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_12 (evMUX2_1_156) 2153
 1.181e-07  1.181e-07  1.000e-12  8.575e-08  3.232e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.62%)  ( 27.38%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_13 (evMUX2_1_155) 2054
 1.132e-07  1.132e-07  1.000e-12  8.204e-08  3.111e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.50%)  ( 27.50%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    9203-9204   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_14 (evMUX2_1_154) 1969
 1.071e-07  1.071e-07  1.000e-12  7.780e-08  2.931e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.63%)  ( 27.37%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05   10483-10484  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_15 (evMUX2_1_153) 1893
 1.029e-07  1.029e-07  1.000e-12  7.461e-08  2.826e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.53%)  ( 27.47%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    5323-5324   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_16 (evMUX2_1_152) 1799
 9.788e-08  9.788e-08  1.000e-12  7.090e-08  2.698e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.44%)  ( 27.56%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05   22083-22084  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_17 (evMUX2_1_151) 1697
 9.152e-08  9.152e-08  1.000e-12  6.630e-08  2.522e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.45%)  ( 27.55%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_18 (evMUX2_1_150) 1606
 8.615e-08  8.615e-08  1.000e-12  6.224e-08  2.391e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.25%)  ( 27.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    9203-9204   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_19 (evMUX2_1_149) 1512
 7.986e-08  7.986e-08  1.000e-12  5.782e-08  2.204e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.40%)  ( 27.60%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_20 (evMUX2_1_148) 1417
 7.450e-08  7.450e-08  1.000e-12  5.375e-08  2.075e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.15%)  ( 27.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    5323-5324   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_21 (evMUX2_1_147) 1338
 6.989e-08  6.988e-08  1.000e-12  5.039e-08  1.949e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.11%)  ( 27.89%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    7883-7884   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_22 (evMUX2_1_146) 1262
 6.408e-08  6.407e-08  1.000e-12  4.632e-08  1.775e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 72.30%)  ( 27.70%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05   11763-11764  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_23 (evMUX2_1_145) 1178
 5.987e-08  5.987e-08  1.000e-12  4.297e-08  1.691e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 71.76%)  ( 28.24%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    5323-5324   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_24 (evMUX2_1_144) 1086
 5.499e-08  5.499e-08  1.000e-12  3.943e-08  1.556e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 71.71%)  ( 28.29%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    6603-6604   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_25 (evMUX2_1_143) 988
 4.882e-08  4.882e-08  1.000e-12  3.483e-08  1.399e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 71.35%)  ( 28.65%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_26 (evMUX2_1_142) 879
 4.385e-08  4.385e-08  1.000e-12  3.112e-08  1.273e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 70.96%)  ( 29.04%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    5323-5324   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_27 (evMUX2_1_141) 770
 3.550e-08  3.550e-08  1.000e-12  2.511e-08  1.039e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 70.73%)  ( 29.27%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_28 (evMUX2_1_140) 680
 3.077e-08  3.077e-08  1.000e-12  2.139e-08  9.377e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 69.53%)  ( 30.47%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    7883-7884   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_29 (evMUX2_1_139) 580
 2.417e-08  2.417e-08  1.000e-12  1.680e-08  7.374e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 69.49%)  ( 30.51%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05    5323-5324   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_30 (evMUX2_1_138) 489
 1.903e-08  1.903e-08  1.000e-12  1.308e-08  5.948e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  ( 68.75%)  ( 31.25%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.979e-05   13043-13044  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_31 (evMUX2_1_137) 344
 1.282e-08  1.282e-08  1.000e-12  8.664e-09  4.151e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  ( 67.61%)  ( 32.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.591e-05    4003-4004   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/mux/mux_32 (evMUX2_1_136) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg (evlpRegister_wdt32_0) 37405
 1.656e-06  1.656e-06  3.200e-11  0.000e+00  1.656e-06  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.381e-04     101-102    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_0 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_62) 1849
 8.634e-08  8.634e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  8.634e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06     243-244    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_1 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_61) 1844
 8.610e-08  8.610e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  8.610e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06     203-204    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_2 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_60) 1802
 8.396e-08  8.396e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  8.396e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06     163-164    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_3 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_59) 1760
 8.182e-08  8.182e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  8.182e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    2723-2724   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_4 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_58) 1714
 7.948e-08  7.948e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  7.948e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_5 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_57) 1660
 7.673e-08  7.673e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  7.673e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4083-4084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_6 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_56) 1612
 7.429e-08  7.429e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  7.429e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_7 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_55) 1560
 7.164e-08  7.164e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  7.164e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4083-4084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_8 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_54) 1516
 6.941e-08  6.940e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  6.940e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_9 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_53) 1472
 6.717e-08  6.717e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  6.717e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4203-4204   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_10 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_52) 1426
 6.482e-08  6.482e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  6.482e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4163-4164   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_11 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_51) 1366
 6.177e-08  6.177e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  6.177e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4123-4124   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_12 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_50) 1324
 5.963e-08  5.963e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  5.963e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4083-4084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_13 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_49) 1276
 5.719e-08  5.719e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  5.719e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_14 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_48) 1240
 5.536e-08  5.536e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  5.536e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4163-4164   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_15 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_47) 1198
 5.322e-08  5.322e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  5.322e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4123-4124   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_16 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_46) 1146
 5.057e-08  5.057e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  5.057e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4083-4084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_17 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_45) 1100
 4.823e-08  4.823e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  4.823e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_18 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_44) 1050
 4.569e-08  4.569e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  4.569e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4163-4164   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_19 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_43) 1004
 4.335e-08  4.335e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  4.335e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4123-4124   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_20 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_42) 966
 4.141e-08  4.141e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  4.141e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4083-4084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_21 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_41) 920
 3.907e-08  3.907e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  3.907e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_22 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_40) 882
 3.714e-08  3.714e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  3.714e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4163-4164   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_23 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_39) 842
 3.510e-08  3.510e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  3.510e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4123-4124   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_24 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_38) 790
 3.246e-08  3.246e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  3.246e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4083-4084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_25 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_37) 748
 3.032e-08  3.032e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  3.032e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_26 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_36) 680
 2.686e-08  2.686e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  2.686e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4203-4204   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_27 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_35) 638
 2.472e-08  2.472e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  2.472e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4163-4164   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_28 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_34) 586
 2.207e-08  2.207e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  2.207e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4123-4124   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_29 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_33) 544
 1.994e-08  1.994e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.994e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4083-4084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_30 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_32) 494
 1.739e-08  1.739e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.739e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.595e-06    4043-4044   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/feeder_reg/ff_31 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_31) 396
 1.240e-08  1.240e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.240e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.441e-06     101-102    

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/counter (evRingCounter_GtdClk_wdt32_block_size4) 76424
 1.512e-06  1.512e-06  4.801e-11  9.312e-07  5.807e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 61.59%)  ( 38.41%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            9.076e-05    5161-5162   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_3 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_28) 594
 6.686e-08  6.686e-08  1.000e-12  3.956e-08  2.730e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 59.17%)  ( 40.83%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            6.898e-05     122-123    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_28 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_3) 594
 5.747e-08  5.747e-08  1.000e-12  3.003e-08  2.744e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 52.25%)  ( 47.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.664e-05    1122-1123   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_24 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_7) 594
 5.747e-08  5.747e-08  1.000e-12  3.003e-08  2.744e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 52.25%)  ( 47.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.664e-05     962-963    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_20 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_11) 594
 5.747e-08  5.747e-08  1.000e-12  3.003e-08  2.744e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 52.25%)  ( 47.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.664e-05     802-803    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_16 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_15) 594
 5.747e-08  5.747e-08  1.000e-12  3.003e-08  2.744e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 52.25%)  ( 47.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.664e-05     642-643    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_12 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_19) 594
 5.747e-08  5.747e-08  1.000e-12  3.003e-08  2.744e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 52.25%)  ( 47.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.664e-05     482-483    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_8 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_23) 594
 5.747e-08  5.747e-08  1.000e-12  3.003e-08  2.744e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 52.25%)  ( 47.75%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.664e-05     322-323    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_31 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_0) 594
 5.332e-08  5.332e-08  1.000e-12  3.950e-08  1.382e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 74.09%)  ( 25.91%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.855e-05    1242-1243   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/first_ff (evMS_Prstbl_FlipFlop) 594
 5.320e-08  5.320e-08  1.000e-12  3.918e-08  1.402e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 73.64%)  ( 26.36%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            7.125e-05    5161-5162   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_27 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_4) 594
 5.293e-08  5.293e-08  1.000e-12  4.108e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 77.61%)  ( 22.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            6.059e-05    1082-1083   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_23 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_8) 594
 5.293e-08  5.293e-08  1.000e-12  4.108e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 77.61%)  ( 22.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            6.059e-05     922-923    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_19 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_12) 594
 5.293e-08  5.293e-08  1.000e-12  4.108e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 77.61%)  ( 22.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            6.059e-05     762-763    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_15 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_16) 594
 5.293e-08  5.293e-08  1.000e-12  4.108e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 77.61%)  ( 22.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            6.059e-05     602-603    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_11 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_20) 594
 5.293e-08  5.293e-08  1.000e-12  4.108e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 77.61%)  ( 22.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            6.059e-05     442-443    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_7 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_24) 594
 5.293e-08  5.293e-08  1.000e-12  4.108e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 77.61%)  ( 22.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            6.059e-05     282-283    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_4 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_27) 594
 4.188e-08  4.188e-08  1.000e-12  3.003e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 71.70%)  ( 28.30%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            4.635e-05     162-163    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_1 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_30) 594
 3.826e-08  3.826e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.609e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 57.95%)  ( 42.05%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05      42-43     

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_2 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_29) 594
 3.555e-08  3.555e-08  1.000e-12  2.369e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 66.65%)  ( 33.35%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.816e-05      82-83     

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_5 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_26) 594
 3.407e-08  3.406e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.189e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.09%)  ( 34.91%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05     202-203    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_29 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_2) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.186e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.15%)  ( 34.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.622e-05    1162-1163   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_25 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_6) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.186e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.15%)  ( 34.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.622e-05    1002-1003   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_21 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_10) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.186e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.15%)  ( 34.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.622e-05     842-843    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_17 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_14) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.186e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.15%)  ( 34.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.622e-05     682-683    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_13 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_18) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.186e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.15%)  ( 34.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.622e-05     522-523    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_9 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_22) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.186e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.15%)  ( 34.85%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.622e-05     362-363    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_30 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_1) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.16%)  ( 34.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05    1202-1203   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_26 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_5) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.16%)  ( 34.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05    1042-1043   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_22 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_9) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.16%)  ( 34.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05     882-883    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_18 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_13) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.16%)  ( 34.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05     722-723    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_14 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_17) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.16%)  ( 34.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05     562-563    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_10 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_21) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.16%)  ( 34.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05     402-403    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/ff_6 (evMS_Rstbl_FlipFlop_25) 594
 3.403e-08  3.403e-08  1.000e-12  2.217e-08  1.185e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 65.16%)  ( 34.84%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.620e-05     242-243    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/first_gator (evClockGator_RngCntrP) 7177
 1.696e-08  1.696e-08  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  1.696e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.062e-05       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/first_gator/prlatch (evPrst_Latch_cell) 396
 1.696e-08  1.696e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.696e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.062e-05       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/first_gator/line_selector (evMUX2_1_7) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/last_gator_7 (evClockGator_RngCntrR_0) 7177
 9.579e-09  9.577e-09  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.98%)  (  0.02%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/last_gator_7/rlatch (evRst_Latch_cell_0) 396
 9.578e-09  9.577e-09  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/last_gator_7/line_selector (evMUX2_1_0) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_6 (evClockGator_RngCntrR_1) 7177
 9.579e-09  9.577e-09  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.98%)  (  0.02%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_6/rlatch (evRst_Latch_cell_1) 396
 9.578e-09  9.577e-09  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_6/line_selector (evMUX2_1_1) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_5 (evClockGator_RngCntrR_2) 7177
 9.579e-09  9.577e-09  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.98%)  (  0.02%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_5/rlatch (evRst_Latch_cell_2) 396
 9.578e-09  9.577e-09  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_5/line_selector (evMUX2_1_2) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_4 (evClockGator_RngCntrR_3) 7177
 9.579e-09  9.577e-09  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.98%)  (  0.02%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_4/rlatch (evRst_Latch_cell_3) 396
 9.578e-09  9.577e-09  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_4/line_selector (evMUX2_1_3) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_3 (evClockGator_RngCntrR_4) 7177
 9.579e-09  9.577e-09  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.98%)  (  0.02%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_3/rlatch (evRst_Latch_cell_4) 396
 9.578e-09  9.577e-09  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_3/line_selector (evMUX2_1_4) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_2 (evClockGator_RngCntrR_5) 7177
 9.579e-09  9.577e-09  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.98%)  (  0.02%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_2/rlatch (evRst_Latch_cell_5) 396
 9.578e-09  9.577e-09  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  9.577e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_2/line_selector (evMUX2_1_5) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_1 (evClockGator_RngCntrR_6) 7177
 9.497e-09  9.495e-09  2.002e-12  0.000e+00  9.495e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.98%)  (  0.02%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_1/rlatch (evRst_Latch_cell_6) 396
 9.496e-09  9.495e-09  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  9.495e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.809e-06       2-3      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/counter/gator_1/line_selector (evMUX2_1_6) 396
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch (evInpDemuxLatch_wdt32) 55579
 6.553e-07  6.552e-07  3.200e-11  7.621e-08  5.790e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.63%)  ( 88.37%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.644e-05   12243-12244  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_0 (evLatch_cell_31) 1786
 2.501e-08  2.501e-08  1.000e-12  3.654e-09  2.136e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 14.61%)  ( 85.39%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    5162-5163   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_31 (evLatch_cell_0) 1750
 2.164e-08  2.164e-08  1.000e-12  2.714e-09  1.892e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.55%)  ( 87.45%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    7683-7684   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_30 (evLatch_cell_1) 1750
 2.156e-08  2.155e-08  1.000e-12  2.714e-09  1.884e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.59%)  ( 87.41%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    5083-5084   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_11 (evLatch_cell_20) 1745
 2.138e-08  2.138e-08  1.000e-12  2.610e-09  1.877e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.21%)  ( 87.79%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    4323-4324   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_6 (evLatch_cell_25) 1748
 2.128e-08  2.128e-08  1.000e-12  2.662e-09  1.862e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.51%)  ( 87.49%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    5403-5404   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_22 (evLatch_cell_9) 1746
 2.113e-08  2.113e-08  1.000e-12  2.610e-09  1.852e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.35%)  ( 87.65%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    4763-4764   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_12 (evLatch_cell_19) 1747
 2.110e-08  2.110e-08  1.000e-12  2.662e-09  1.844e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.62%)  ( 87.38%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.384e-05   14683-14684  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_29 (evLatch_cell_2) 1745
 2.104e-08  2.104e-08  1.000e-12  2.610e-09  1.843e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.41%)  ( 87.59%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.382e-05   14043-14044  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_20 (evLatch_cell_11) 1745
 2.101e-08  2.101e-08  1.000e-12  2.610e-09  1.840e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.42%)  ( 87.58%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.384e-05   15003-15004  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_16 (evLatch_cell_15) 1746
 2.099e-08  2.099e-08  1.000e-12  2.610e-09  1.838e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.44%)  ( 87.56%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.384e-05   12243-12244  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_15 (evLatch_cell_16) 1739
 2.099e-08  2.099e-08  1.000e-12  2.453e-09  1.853e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.69%)  ( 88.31%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    5763-5764   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_8 (evLatch_cell_23) 1745
 2.097e-08  2.097e-08  1.000e-12  2.610e-09  1.836e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.45%)  ( 87.55%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.384e-05    2883-2884   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_7 (evLatch_cell_24) 1740
 2.091e-08  2.091e-08  1.000e-12  2.453e-09  1.845e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.73%)  ( 88.27%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.372e-05   13163-13164  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_26 (evLatch_cell_5) 1744
 2.090e-08  2.090e-08  1.000e-12  2.558e-09  1.834e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.24%)  ( 87.76%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    4923-4924   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_27 (evLatch_cell_4) 1740
 2.090e-08  2.089e-08  1.000e-12  2.453e-09  1.844e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.74%)  ( 88.26%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.372e-05    8803-8804   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_10 (evLatch_cell_21) 1742
 2.083e-08  2.083e-08  1.000e-12  2.506e-09  1.832e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.03%)  ( 87.97%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.382e-05   18443-18444  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_21 (evLatch_cell_10) 1742
 2.082e-08  2.082e-08  1.000e-12  2.506e-09  1.831e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.04%)  ( 87.96%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.382e-05   20203-20204  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_13 (evLatch_cell_18) 1742
 2.079e-08  2.079e-08  1.000e-12  2.506e-09  1.828e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.05%)  ( 87.95%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    4403-4404   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_17 (evLatch_cell_14) 1741
 2.077e-08  2.077e-08  1.000e-12  2.506e-09  1.826e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.06%)  ( 87.94%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    8403-8404   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_4 (evLatch_cell_27) 1740
 2.076e-08  2.075e-08  1.000e-12  2.453e-09  1.830e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.82%)  ( 88.18%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    1443-1444   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_14 (evLatch_cell_17) 1741
 2.076e-08  2.075e-08  1.000e-12  2.506e-09  1.825e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 12.07%)  ( 87.93%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05   35403-35404  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_19 (evLatch_cell_12) 1737
 2.071e-08  2.071e-08  1.000e-12  2.401e-09  1.831e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.59%)  ( 88.41%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.372e-05   23963-23964  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_5 (evLatch_cell_26) 1739
 2.065e-08  2.064e-08  1.000e-12  2.453e-09  1.819e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.88%)  ( 88.12%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.382e-05    9243-9244   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_23 (evLatch_cell_8) 1735
 2.059e-08  2.059e-08  1.000e-12  2.349e-09  1.824e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.41%)  ( 88.59%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    7363-7364   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_28 (evLatch_cell_3) 1738
 2.045e-08  2.045e-08  1.000e-12  2.401e-09  1.805e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.74%)  ( 88.26%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.384e-05    6283-6284   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_9 (evLatch_cell_22) 1736
 2.041e-08  2.041e-08  1.000e-12  2.349e-09  1.806e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.51%)  ( 88.49%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    4243-4244   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_24 (evLatch_cell_7) 1738
 2.035e-08  2.035e-08  1.000e-12  2.401e-09  1.795e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.80%)  ( 88.20%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.384e-05   24163-24164  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_25 (evLatch_cell_6) 1734
 2.020e-08  2.020e-08  1.000e-12  2.297e-09  1.790e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 11.37%)  ( 88.63%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05   90003-90004  

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_18 (evLatch_cell_13) 1731
 1.993e-08  1.993e-08  1.000e-12  2.245e-09  1.769e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  ( 11.26%)  ( 88.74%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.371e-05    4603-4604   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_3 (evLatch_cell_28) 1735
 1.989e-08  1.989e-08  1.000e-12  2.349e-09  1.754e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  ( 11.81%)  ( 88.19%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.300e-05    1404-1405   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_2 (evLatch_cell_29) 1646
 1.329e-08  1.329e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.329e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.075e-06     122-123    

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/low_res_latch/latch_1 (evLatch_cell_30) 1646
 1.327e-08  1.327e-08  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.327e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  (  0.00%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.066e-06      82-83     

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/hot_B_bit_ff (evMS_FlipFlop) 6781
 4.143e-07  4.143e-07  1.000e-12  9.203e-09  4.051e-07  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  2.22%)  ( 97.78%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.771e-05     121-122    

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux (evNonEncodedMux_wdt32) 6534
 4.072e-07  4.071e-07  3.200e-11  3.841e-07  2.300e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.99%)  (  0.01%)  ( 94.35%)  (  5.65%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.085e-04      83-84     

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_0 (evNMOS_31) 396
 4.071e-07  4.071e-07  1.000e-12  3.841e-07  2.300e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 94.35%)  (  5.65%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            5.085e-04      83-84     

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_31 (evNMOS_0) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_29 (evNMOS_2) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_25 (evNMOS_6) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_21 (evNMOS_10) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_17 (evNMOS_14) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_30 (evNMOS_1) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_28 (evNMOS_3) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_27 (evNMOS_4) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_26 (evNMOS_5) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_24 (evNMOS_7) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_23 (evNMOS_8) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_22 (evNMOS_9) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_20 (evNMOS_11) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_19 (evNMOS_12) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_18 (evNMOS_13) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_16 (evNMOS_15) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_15 (evNMOS_16) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_14 (evNMOS_17) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_13 (evNMOS_18) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_11 (evNMOS_20) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_10 (evNMOS_21) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_9 (evNMOS_22) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_7 (evNMOS_24) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_6 (evNMOS_25) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_4 (evNMOS_27) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_3 (evNMOS_28) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_2 (evNMOS_29) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_12 (evNMOS_19) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_8 (evNMOS_23) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_5 (evNMOS_26) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/nxt_hot_bit_mux/nms_1 (evNMOS_30) 198
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/src_sel_mux (evMUX2_1_169) 594
 2.561e-07  2.561e-07  1.000e-12  2.369e-07  1.924e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  ( 92.49%)  (  7.51%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            3.144e-04     122-123    

--*------- 2  evlpMultiplier/adder (evlpRCAdder_wdt32) 6160
 9.099e-08  9.086e-08  1.281e-10  9.086e-08  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            2.077e-04    3872-3873   

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_12 (evLPFA_19) 228
 3.373e-09  3.369e-09  4.003e-12  3.369e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.88%)  (  0.12%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    7742-7743   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_12/mx3 (evMUX2_1_85) 57
 3.370e-09  3.369e-09  1.000e-12  3.369e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    7742-7743   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_12/mx4 (evMUX2_1_84) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_12/mx2 (evMUX2_1_86) 57
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_12/mx1 (evMUX2_1_87) 57
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_12/inv (evCINV_19) 57
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_0 (evLPFA_31) 180
 3.273e-09  3.269e-09  4.003e-12  3.269e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.88%)  (  0.12%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.815e-05    1292-1293   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_0/mx3 (evMUX2_1_133) 45
 3.270e-09  3.269e-09  1.000e-12  3.269e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.815e-05    1292-1293   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_0/mx4 (evMUX2_1_132) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_0/mx2 (evMUX2_1_134) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_0/mx1 (evMUX2_1_135) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_0/inv (evCINV_31) 45
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_2 (evLPFA_29) 220
 3.257e-09  3.253e-09  4.003e-12  3.253e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.88%)  (  0.12%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    1292-1293   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_2/mx3 (evMUX2_1_125) 55
 3.254e-09  3.253e-09  1.000e-12  3.253e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    1292-1293   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_2/mx4 (evMUX2_1_124) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_2/mx2 (evMUX2_1_126) 55
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_2/mx1 (evMUX2_1_127) 55
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_2/inv (evCINV_29) 55
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_22 (evLPFA_9) 216
 3.140e-09  3.136e-09  4.003e-12  3.136e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.87%)  (  0.13%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_22/mx3 (evMUX2_1_45) 54
 3.137e-09  3.136e-09  1.000e-12  3.136e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_22/mx4 (evMUX2_1_44) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_22/mx2 (evMUX2_1_46) 54
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_22/mx1 (evMUX2_1_47) 54
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_22/inv (evCINV_9) 54
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_11 (evLPFA_20) 212
 3.140e-09  3.136e-09  4.003e-12  3.136e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.87%)  (  0.13%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_11/mx3 (evMUX2_1_89) 53
 3.137e-09  3.136e-09  1.000e-12  3.136e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_11/mx4 (evMUX2_1_88) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_11/mx2 (evMUX2_1_90) 53
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_11/mx1 (evMUX2_1_91) 53
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_11/inv (evCINV_20) 53
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_19 (evLPFA_12) 208
 3.024e-09  3.020e-09  4.003e-12  3.020e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.87%)  (  0.13%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_19/mx3 (evMUX2_1_57) 52
 3.021e-09  3.020e-09  1.000e-12  3.020e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_19/mx4 (evMUX2_1_56) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_19/mx2 (evMUX2_1_58) 52
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_19/mx1 (evMUX2_1_59) 52
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_19/inv (evCINV_12) 52
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_5 (evLPFA_26) 204
 3.024e-09  3.020e-09  4.003e-12  3.020e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.87%)  (  0.13%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_5/mx3 (evMUX2_1_113) 51
 3.021e-09  3.020e-09  1.000e-12  3.020e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_5/mx4 (evMUX2_1_112) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_5/mx2 (evMUX2_1_114) 51
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_5/mx1 (evMUX2_1_115) 51
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_5/inv (evCINV_26) 51
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_4 (evLPFA_27) 204
 3.024e-09  3.020e-09  4.003e-12  3.020e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.87%)  (  0.13%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    2582-2583   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_4/mx3 (evMUX2_1_117) 51
 3.021e-09  3.020e-09  1.000e-12  3.020e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    2582-2583   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_4/mx4 (evMUX2_1_116) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_4/mx2 (evMUX2_1_118) 51
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_4/mx1 (evMUX2_1_119) 51
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_4/inv (evCINV_27) 51
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_18 (evLPFA_13) 200
 2.908e-09  2.904e-09  4.003e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_18/mx3 (evMUX2_1_61) 50
 2.905e-09  2.904e-09  1.000e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_18/mx4 (evMUX2_1_60) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_18/mx2 (evMUX2_1_62) 50
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_18/mx1 (evMUX2_1_63) 50
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_18/inv (evCINV_13) 50
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_28 (evLPFA_3) 200
 2.908e-09  2.904e-09  4.003e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_28/mx3 (evMUX2_1_21) 50
 2.905e-09  2.904e-09  1.000e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_28/mx4 (evMUX2_1_20) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_28/mx2 (evMUX2_1_22) 50
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_28/mx1 (evMUX2_1_23) 50
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_28/inv (evCINV_3) 50
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_16 (evLPFA_15) 196
 2.908e-09  2.904e-09  4.003e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_16/mx3 (evMUX2_1_69) 49
 2.905e-09  2.904e-09  1.000e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_16/mx4 (evMUX2_1_68) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_16/mx2 (evMUX2_1_70) 49
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_16/mx1 (evMUX2_1_71) 49
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_16/inv (evCINV_15) 49
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_6 (evLPFA_25) 200
 2.908e-09  2.904e-09  4.003e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05   11612-11613  

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_6/mx3 (evMUX2_1_109) 50
 2.905e-09  2.904e-09  1.000e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05   11612-11613  

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_6/mx4 (evMUX2_1_108) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_6/mx2 (evMUX2_1_110) 50
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_6/mx1 (evMUX2_1_111) 50
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_6/inv (evCINV_25) 50
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_9 (evLPFA_22) 196
 2.908e-09  2.904e-09  4.003e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_9/mx3 (evMUX2_1_97) 49
 2.905e-09  2.904e-09  1.000e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_9/mx4 (evMUX2_1_96) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_9/mx2 (evMUX2_1_98) 49
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_9/mx1 (evMUX2_1_99) 49
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_9/inv (evCINV_22) 49
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_15 (evLPFA_16) 196
 2.908e-09  2.904e-09  4.003e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    9032-9033   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_15/mx3 (evMUX2_1_73) 49
 2.905e-09  2.904e-09  1.000e-12  2.904e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.97%)  (  0.03%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    9032-9033   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_15/mx4 (evMUX2_1_72) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_15/mx2 (evMUX2_1_74) 49
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_15/mx1 (evMUX2_1_75) 49
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_15/inv (evCINV_16) 49
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_23 (evLPFA_8) 192
 2.792e-09  2.788e-09  4.003e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    7742-7743   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_23/mx3 (evMUX2_1_41) 48
 2.789e-09  2.788e-09  1.000e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    7742-7743   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_23/mx4 (evMUX2_1_40) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_23/mx2 (evMUX2_1_42) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_23/mx1 (evMUX2_1_43) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_23/inv (evCINV_8) 48
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_14 (evLPFA_17) 188
 2.792e-09  2.788e-09  4.003e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_14/mx3 (evMUX2_1_77) 47
 2.789e-09  2.788e-09  1.000e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_14/mx4 (evMUX2_1_76) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_14/mx2 (evMUX2_1_78) 47
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_14/mx1 (evMUX2_1_79) 47
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_14/inv (evCINV_17) 47
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_13 (evLPFA_18) 192
 2.792e-09  2.788e-09  4.003e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_13/mx3 (evMUX2_1_81) 48
 2.789e-09  2.788e-09  1.000e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_13/mx4 (evMUX2_1_80) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_13/mx2 (evMUX2_1_82) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_13/mx1 (evMUX2_1_83) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_13/inv (evCINV_18) 48
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_10 (evLPFA_21) 192
 2.792e-09  2.788e-09  4.003e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_10/mx3 (evMUX2_1_93) 48
 2.789e-09  2.788e-09  1.000e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_10/mx4 (evMUX2_1_92) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_10/mx2 (evMUX2_1_94) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_10/mx1 (evMUX2_1_95) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_10/inv (evCINV_21) 48
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_31 (evLPFA_0) 192
 2.792e-09  2.788e-09  4.003e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_31/mx3 (evMUX2_1_9) 48
 2.789e-09  2.788e-09  1.000e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_31/mx4 (evMUX2_1_8) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_31/mx2 (evMUX2_1_10) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_31/mx1 (evMUX2_1_11) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_31/inv (evCINV_0) 48
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_24 (evLPFA_7) 192
 2.792e-09  2.788e-09  4.003e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_24/mx3 (evMUX2_1_37) 48
 2.789e-09  2.788e-09  1.000e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_24/mx4 (evMUX2_1_36) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_24/mx2 (evMUX2_1_38) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_24/mx1 (evMUX2_1_39) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_24/inv (evCINV_7) 48
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_7 (evLPFA_24) 192
 2.792e-09  2.788e-09  4.003e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.86%)  (  0.14%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_7/mx3 (evMUX2_1_105) 48
 2.789e-09  2.788e-09  1.000e-12  2.788e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_7/mx4 (evMUX2_1_104) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_7/mx2 (evMUX2_1_106) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_7/mx1 (evMUX2_1_107) 48
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_7/inv (evCINV_24) 48
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_27 (evLPFA_4) 184
 2.676e-09  2.672e-09  4.003e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.85%)  (  0.15%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_27/mx3 (evMUX2_1_25) 46
 2.673e-09  2.672e-09  1.000e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_27/mx4 (evMUX2_1_24) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_27/mx2 (evMUX2_1_26) 46
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_27/mx1 (evMUX2_1_27) 46
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_27/inv (evCINV_4) 46
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_1 (evLPFA_30) 184
 2.676e-09  2.672e-09  4.003e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.85%)  (  0.15%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    9032-9033   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_1/mx3 (evMUX2_1_129) 46
 2.673e-09  2.672e-09  1.000e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    9032-9033   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_1/mx4 (evMUX2_1_128) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_1/mx2 (evMUX2_1_130) 46
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_1/mx1 (evMUX2_1_131) 46
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_1/inv (evCINV_30) 46
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_26 (evLPFA_5) 180
 2.676e-09  2.672e-09  4.003e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.85%)  (  0.15%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_26/mx3 (evMUX2_1_29) 45
 2.673e-09  2.672e-09  1.000e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_26/mx4 (evMUX2_1_28) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_26/mx2 (evMUX2_1_30) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_26/mx1 (evMUX2_1_31) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_26/inv (evCINV_5) 45
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_21 (evLPFA_10) 184
 2.676e-09  2.672e-09  4.003e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.85%)  (  0.15%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_21/mx3 (evMUX2_1_49) 46
 2.673e-09  2.672e-09  1.000e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_21/mx4 (evMUX2_1_48) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_21/mx2 (evMUX2_1_50) 46
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_21/mx1 (evMUX2_1_51) 46
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_21/inv (evCINV_10) 46
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_17 (evLPFA_14) 180
 2.676e-09  2.672e-09  4.003e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.85%)  (  0.15%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_17/mx3 (evMUX2_1_65) 45
 2.673e-09  2.672e-09  1.000e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    5162-5163   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_17/mx4 (evMUX2_1_64) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_17/mx2 (evMUX2_1_66) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_17/mx1 (evMUX2_1_67) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_17/inv (evCINV_14) 45
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_3 (evLPFA_28) 188
 2.676e-09  2.672e-09  4.003e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.85%)  (  0.15%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    7742-7743   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_3/mx3 (evMUX2_1_121) 47
 2.673e-09  2.672e-09  1.000e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    7742-7743   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_3/mx4 (evMUX2_1_120) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_3/mx2 (evMUX2_1_122) 47
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_3/mx1 (evMUX2_1_123) 47
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_3/inv (evCINV_28) 47
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_30 (evLPFA_1) 180
 2.676e-09  2.672e-09  4.003e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.85%)  (  0.15%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_30/mx3 (evMUX2_1_13) 45
 2.673e-09  2.672e-09  1.000e-12  2.672e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_30/mx4 (evMUX2_1_12) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_30/mx2 (evMUX2_1_14) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_30/mx1 (evMUX2_1_15) 45
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_30/inv (evCINV_1) 45
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_25 (evLPFA_6) 176
 2.560e-09  2.556e-09  4.003e-12  2.556e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.84%)  (  0.16%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    6452-6453   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_25/mx3 (evMUX2_1_33) 44
 2.557e-09  2.556e-09  1.000e-12  2.556e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    6452-6453   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_25/mx4 (evMUX2_1_32) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_25/mx2 (evMUX2_1_34) 44
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_25/mx1 (evMUX2_1_35) 44
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_25/inv (evCINV_6) 44
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_29 (evLPFA_2) 176
 2.560e-09  2.556e-09  4.003e-12  2.556e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.84%)  (  0.16%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_29/mx3 (evMUX2_1_17) 44
 2.557e-09  2.556e-09  1.000e-12  2.556e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_29/mx4 (evMUX2_1_16) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_29/mx2 (evMUX2_1_18) 44
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_29/mx1 (evMUX2_1_19) 44
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_29/inv (evCINV_2) 44
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_20 (evLPFA_11) 164
 2.443e-09  2.439e-09  4.003e-12  2.439e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.84%)  (  0.16%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_20/mx3 (evMUX2_1_53) 41
 2.440e-09  2.439e-09  1.000e-12  2.439e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    3872-3873   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_20/mx2 (evMUX2_1_54) 41
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_20/mx1 (evMUX2_1_55) 41
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_20/mx4 (evMUX2_1_52) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_20/inv (evCINV_11) 41
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      

---*------ 3  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_8 (evLPFA_23) 164
 2.443e-09  2.439e-09  4.003e-12  2.439e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.84%)  (  0.16%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    9032-9033   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_8/mx3 (evMUX2_1_101) 41
 2.440e-09  2.439e-09  1.000e-12  2.439e-09  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            ( 99.96%)  (  0.04%)  (100.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)  (  0.00%)
            1.483e-05    9032-9033   

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_8/mx4 (evMUX2_1_100) 0
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_8/mx2 (evMUX2_1_102) 41
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_8/mx1 (evMUX2_1_103) 41
 1.000e-12  0.000e+00  1.000e-12  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            1.000e-12       0-1      

----*----- 4  evlpMultiplier/adder/adder_8/inv (evCINV_23) 41
 2.911e-15  0.000e+00  2.911e-15  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00  0.000e+00
            (  0.00%)  (100.00%)
            2.911e-15       0-1      
-------------------------- End of Instances ---------------------------------

1
